-------------------------------
Name: Youjin An
Student number: 140413188
Email: yan24@myseneca.ca
Section: SII
Date: July 19, 2019
----------------------------------

1. Explain what you learned from doing milestones one and two
I learned about dividing functions. It helped me understanding codes.

The most impressive function was the "clearKeyboard" function to me.
It's a function of reading text until meeting '\n'.
The characters stored in the input buffer are erased by reading.

In the 'getName', I had a struggle getting a string.
I had to receive a limited string, but it was not working.
So, I used 'fgets'. So, it worked.

2. An explanation of the term ¡°function¡± and 
briefly discuss the need for functions in any language.

A function is a group of statements that together perform a task. Every C program has at least one function, which is main(), and all the most trivial programs can define additional functions.
You can divide up your code into separate functions. How you divide up your code among different functions is up to you, but logically the division is such that each function performs a specific task (https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_functions).

A function in a programming language is a program fragment that 'knows' how to perform a defined task. For example a function may be written that finds the average of three supplied numbers. Once written, this function may be used many times without having to rewrite it over and over (https://www.mathopenref.com/functionsprog.html).

3. An explanation why you think the "helper" functions are in a different module and 
why those functions were not included in the "contacts" module.

The "helper" functions seem to be supporting roles. 
I have to use functions like the "helper" functions. 
Because It is readable and useful.
In the future, I can work with other co-workers easily using those functions.

As this reason, those functions were not included in the "contacts" module.
In the "contacts" module, I accepted "name, address, and numbers".
The "helper" functions help the "contacts" module.

Dividing functions helps to understand during making codes.
