// Name: Youjin An
// Seneca Student ID:140413188
// Seneca email:yan24@myseneca.ca
// Date of completion:05 March, 2020

1. Why do you need to deallocate the dynamically allocated memory in your vector?
- I would have a memory leak If I have not specifically deleted the memory you allocate to each element I add to the vector. 
The vector frees the memory it allocates within itself as part of being a dynamic array, but this just frees the array of pointers, NOT the memory that they point to.

2. When building an object from the input file, different things can go wrong: the record represents an unknown type of vehicle, or record contains invalid data. 
How can the function loadData() detect what went wrong? 
Can you think at another solution than the one you have implemented?
- Firstly, I should check the file. And review each column and ensure data is present.
If there are errors, I can handle it simply using 'try & catch'

3. In this workshop you had to use std::list<sdds::Vehicle*> and std::vector<sdds::Vehicle*> to store a collection of vehicles as pointers. 
Could you have used std::list<sdds::Vehicle> and std::vector<sdds::Vehicle> instead? 

vector:

Contiguous memory.
Pre-allocates space for future elements, so extra space required beyond what's necessary for the elements themselves.
Each element only requires the space for the element type itself (no extra pointers).
Can re-allocate memory for the entire vector any time that you add an element.
Insertions at the end are constant, amortized time, but insertions elsewhere are a costly O(n).
Erasures at the end of the vector are constant time, but for the rest it's O(n).
You can randomly access its elements.
Iterators are invalidated if you add or remove elements to or from the vector.
You can easily get at the underlying array if you need an array of the elements.

list:
Non-contiguous memory.
No pre-allocated memory. The memory overhead for the list itself is constant.
Each element requires extra space for the node which holds the element, including pointers to the next and previous elements in the list.
Never has to re-allocate memory for the whole list just because you add an element.
Insertions and erasures are cheap no matter where in the list they occur.
It's cheap to combine lists with splicing.
You cannot randomly access elements, so getting at a particular element in the list can be expensive.
Iterators remain valid even when you add or remove elements from the list.
If you need an array of the elements, you'll have to create a new one and add them all to it, since there is no underlying array.

In general, use vector when you don't care what type of sequential container that 
you're using, but if you're doing many insertions or erasures to and from anywhere in the container other than the end, you're going to want to use list. 
Or if you need random access, then you're going to want vector, not list. 
Other than that, there are naturally instances where you're going to need one or the other based on your application, but in general, those are good guidelines.

▶ Quiz 5 Reflection.

Q2)
The STL inludes adapters for converting a container class to operate in a specific context.  
The adaptors include:

stack - last in, first out (LIFO) context
queue - first in, first out (FIFO) context
